feat(integrations): Add troubleshooting docs for Vercel, JIRA and Azure DevOps (#3236)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/azure-devops/index.mdx

> - Ensure you are logged into the account connected to your Azure DevOps organization.
> - Double-check that your account is a Microsoft Account (MSA).
> - For Single Sign-On, see [Azure Active Directory SSO](/product/accounts/sso/azure-sso/).
> - If you have multiple accounts in Azure DevOps, open https://aex.dev.azure.com in another tab, select the correct account and redo the installation. If that works, please upvote https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/issues/14357, which is where we're tracking this improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure you are logged into the account connected to your Azure DevOps organization.
- Double-check that your account is a Microsoft Account (MSA).
- For Single Sign-On, see [Azure Active Directory SSO](/product/accounts/sso/azure-sso/).
- If you have multiple accounts in Azure DevOps, open [this link to Azure DevOps](https://aex.dev.azure.com) in another tab, select the correct account, then reinstall.

 <Note>
 
 If reinstallation solves the problem, please upvote [that solution in GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/issues/14357), which is where we're tracking this improvement.
 
 </Note>
```
